c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.deps.json
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DAL.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MODEL.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DAL.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MODEL.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.IEntityOperation.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework 1\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.IEntityOperation.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.deps.json
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DAL.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.IEntityOperation.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MODEL.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DAL.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MODEL.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.IEntityOperation.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.pdb
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\SMandlole\Desktop\Entity Framework_6\PPM.DOMAIN\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
